HTTP Cache-Control stale-if-error request (#39812)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/cache-control/index.md

The client indicates that an already-cached response should be returned. If a cache has a stored response, even a stale one, it will be returned. If no cached response is available, a [504 Gateway Timeout](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Status/504) response will be returned.

#### `stale-if-error`

The `stale-if-error` request directive indicates that the browser is interested in receiving stale content on error from any intermediate server for a particular origin.

> This is not supported by current browsers (see [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not supported by any browser (see [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility)).
```
